Update/api interface spec (#1)
contrailcirrus/contrail-forecast: docs/specs/forecast-api.md

| **Description**  | (EXTERNAL) Forecast API v1 |
|:--|:---------------------------|

> | **Date** | October 2024               |

Reviewer: Should we add a revision table to the other `forecast-data` spec?

Or should we remove this one? 

If we decide to keep this one (and add one to the other doc), can we move below the top heading (# Contrail Forecast API) so it shows up better in the pdf rendering?

Author: I think it makes sense to remove it here. I usually like these for static docs ("released"), but these feel more like living docs... so seems less appropriate.

I'll strike it from the md before merging

At present, this document specifies two endpoints for general
availability.

> 1.  **grids**: The first endpoint surfaces gridded netCDF content of at 0.25

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  **grids**: The first endpoint surfaces gridded netCDF content at 0.25
```

    degree grid spacing, across standardized flight levels, on a one
    hour interval, at all longitudes and latitudes ranging from \[-80,
    80\] (this is expected to expand and encompass the poles, with an
    update at a later time). These grids are available across several
    [aircraft classes](#aircraft-classes).  The variable returned in the netCDF
    is `contrails`, a domain-agnostic quantity of arbitrary units,
    existing in the range of \[0, 4]\, `0` being a location with no contrail impact, 
    and `4` being a location with severe contrail impact.  The value of `contrails`
    is intended to scale, roughly, with the CO2 equivalence of contrail impact, and by extension,

>     scale with the equivalent fuel penalty for avoiding a given region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the appropriate fuel investment for avoiding a given region.
```
